What's going on? The power is out again.
Boy, are you okay? Here's the electricity.
Hello, it's just that the battery is a bit old.
I am also old at this route. The power goes out every now and then.
Boy, please excuse me.
I'll take care of it. OK
And I know what to look at. How could he, a grown man, be afraid of the dark?
Not early. This place is really delicious now.
Have you been here before? No wonder.
This kind of athlete needs to be produced. Take a seat.
fine. fine. Just come over here and I'll be fine.
Let me tell you a story. Once upon a time,
Little Rabbit and Little Self-Defense,
The two of them are together.
Then what about the little rabbit?
But often because of the hug with Xiao Si
It looked like a deep wound
Then one day the little rabbit understood everything
He, he, he, can only leave Xiao Si
Xiaosi is also very sad
I was thinking about how to avoid being stabbed so painfully.
The little rabbit is wearing wind
Then come down and tell Xiao Si
Practicing will make me become physically injured.
But let’s find a way to use it
Tell me about the place I picked
No, that's not the case